net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/EndermanDropProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.EndermanDropProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/DiamondArmorEntitysProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.DiamondArmorEntitysProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/entity/ZombieTrigoEntity.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.ZombieTrigoEntity
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.ZombieTrigoEntity$1
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.ZombieTrigoEntity$CustomEntity
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.ZombieTrigoEntity$EntityAttributesRegisterHandler
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/PhantomProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.PhantomProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/world/ActivarDia50GameRule.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.world.ActivarDia50GameRule
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/TormentaProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.TormentaProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/EsqueletoToStrayProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.EsqueletoToStrayProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/ContadorTormentaProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.ContadorTormentaProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/world/ActivarDia25GameRule.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.world.ActivarDia25GameRule
net/mcreator/permadeathv/PermadeathvModVariables.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.PermadeathvModVariables
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.PermadeathvModVariables$MapVariables
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.PermadeathvModVariables$WorldSavedDataSyncMessage
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.PermadeathvModVariables$WorldVariables
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/TotemFailDia30Procedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.TotemFailDia30Procedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/entity/renderer/ZombieTrigoRenderer.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.renderer.ZombieTrigoRenderer
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.renderer.ZombieTrigoRenderer$ModelRegisterHandler
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.renderer.ZombieTrigoRenderer$ModelRegisterHandler$1
net/mcreator/permadeathv/PermadeathvMod.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.PermadeathvMod
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.PermadeathvMod$PermadeathvModFMLBusEvents
net/mcreator/permadeathv/world/ActivarDia10GameRule.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.world.ActivarDia10GameRule
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/PiglingBrutoProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.PiglingBrutoProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/TormentaEfectosProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.TormentaEfectosProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/DesaparecenAldeanosProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.DesaparecenAldeanosProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/world/ActivarDia60GameRule.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.world.ActivarDia60GameRule
net/mcreator/permadeathv/item/StrangeSwordItem.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.item.StrangeSwordItem
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.item.StrangeSwordItem$1
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.item.StrangeSwordItem$2
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/WitherDropProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.WitherDropProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/item/StrangeAxeItem.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.item.StrangeAxeItem
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.item.StrangeAxeItem$1
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.item.StrangeAxeItem$2
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/IronGolemDropProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.IronGolemDropProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/entity/renderer/ZombieRabanoRenderer.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.renderer.ZombieRabanoRenderer
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.renderer.ZombieRabanoRenderer$ModelRegisterHandler
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.renderer.ZombieRabanoRenderer$ModelRegisterHandler$1
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/CocaineZombieProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.CocaineZombieProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/Stray2OnInitialEntitySpawnProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.Stray2OnInitialEntitySpawnProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/world/ActivarDia35GameRule.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.world.ActivarDia35GameRule
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/LavaEfectosProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.LavaEfectosProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/ZombieDia5P2Procedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.ZombieDia5P2Procedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/ReducirTormentaProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.ReducirTormentaProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/PermadeathvModElements.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.PermadeathvModElements
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.PermadeathvModElements$ModElement
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.PermadeathvModElements$ModElement$Tag
net/mcreator/permadeathv/world/ActivarDia20GameRule.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.world.ActivarDia20GameRule
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/GhastDropProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.GhastDropProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/TrigoSpawnProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.TrigoSpawnProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/item/TotemDeLaPerdicionItem.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.item.TotemDeLaPerdicionItem
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.item.TotemDeLaPerdicionItem$ItemCustom
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/EfectosSpidersProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.EfectosSpidersProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/entity/renderer/ZombiePatatasRenderer.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.renderer.ZombiePatatasRenderer
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.renderer.ZombiePatatasRenderer$ModelRegisterHandler
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.renderer.ZombiePatatasRenderer$ModelRegisterHandler$1
net/mcreator/permadeathv/entity/renderer/Stray2Renderer.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.renderer.Stray2Renderer
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.renderer.Stray2Renderer$ModelRegisterHandler
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.renderer.Stray2Renderer$ModelRegisterHandler$1
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/ComidaNoCocinadaEnvenenaProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.ComidaNoCocinadaEnvenenaProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/ZombiesToDrowneedProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.ZombiesToDrowneedProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/PiglinZombiDropProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.PiglinZombiDropProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/world/SkeletonToStrayDia5GameRule.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.world.SkeletonToStrayDia5GameRule
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/BatToVexProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.BatToVexProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/CalcularTiempoProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.CalcularTiempoProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/PiglinBruteDropProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.PiglinBruteDropProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/AhogadosAhoraProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.AhogadosAhoraProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/MagmaCubeProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.MagmaCubeProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/Stray2NaturalEntitySpawningConditionProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.Stray2NaturalEntitySpawningConditionProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/world/ActivarDia30GameRule.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.world.ActivarDia30GameRule
net/mcreator/permadeathv/world/ActivarDia45GameRule.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.world.ActivarDia45GameRule
net/mcreator/permadeathv/item/StrangeArmorItem.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.item.StrangeArmorItem
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.item.StrangeArmorItem$1
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.item.StrangeArmorItem$2
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.item.StrangeArmorItem$3
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.item.StrangeArmorItem$4
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.item.StrangeArmorItem$5
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/EnderendermanProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.EnderendermanProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/AhogadosTridenteProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.AhogadosTridenteProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/entity/ZombieCarrotEntity.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.ZombieCarrotEntity
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.ZombieCarrotEntity$1
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.ZombieCarrotEntity$CustomEntity
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.ZombieCarrotEntity$EntityAttributesRegisterHandler
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/EvokerDropProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.EvokerDropProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/RabanoSpawnProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.RabanoSpawnProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/ZombieDia5Procedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.ZombieDia5Procedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/ContadorTiempoProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.ContadorTiempoProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/world/ActivarDia15GameRule.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.world.ActivarDia15GameRule
net/mcreator/permadeathv/entity/Stray2Entity.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.Stray2Entity
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.Stray2Entity$1
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.Stray2Entity$ArrowCustomEntity
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.Stray2Entity$CustomEntity
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.Stray2Entity$CustomEntity$1
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.Stray2Entity$EntityAttributesRegisterHandler
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/SilverfishDia10Procedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.SilverfishDia10Procedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/item/StrangeShovelItem.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.item.StrangeShovelItem
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.item.StrangeShovelItem$1
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.item.StrangeShovelItem$2
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/BlazeDropProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.BlazeDropProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/world/ActivarDia55GameRule.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.world.ActivarDia55GameRule
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/GhastProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.GhastProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/world/ActivarDia5GameRule.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.world.ActivarDia5GameRule
net/mcreator/permadeathv/world/ActivarDia40GameRule.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.world.ActivarDia40GameRule
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/MobsEfectosDia10Procedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.MobsEfectosDia10Procedure
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.MobsEfectosDia10Procedure$1
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.MobsEfectosDia10Procedure$2
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.MobsEfectosDia10Procedure$3
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.MobsEfectosDia10Procedure$4
net/mcreator/permadeathv/item/StrangePickaxeItem.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.item.StrangePickaxeItem
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.item.StrangePickaxeItem$1
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.item.StrangePickaxeItem$2
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/QuitarEfectosJugadoresProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.QuitarEfectosJugadoresProcedure
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.QuitarEfectosJugadoresProcedure$1
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.QuitarEfectosJugadoresProcedure$2
net/mcreator/permadeathv/entity/ZombiePatatasEntity.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.ZombiePatatasEntity
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.ZombiePatatasEntity$1
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.ZombiePatatasEntity$CustomEntity
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.ZombiePatatasEntity$EntityAttributesRegisterHandler
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/PatataSpawnProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.PatataSpawnProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/entity/ZombieRabanoEntity.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.ZombieRabanoEntity
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.ZombieRabanoEntity$1
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.ZombieRabanoEntity$CustomEntity
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.ZombieRabanoEntity$EntityAttributesRegisterHandler
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/ZanahoriaSpawnProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.ZanahoriaSpawnProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/entity/renderer/ZombieCarrotRenderer.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.renderer.ZombieCarrotRenderer
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.renderer.ZombieCarrotRenderer$ModelRegisterHandler
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.entity.renderer.ZombieCarrotRenderer$ModelRegisterHandler$1
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/ClasesZombiesProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.ClasesZombiesProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/GhastHPProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.GhastHPProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/DropeoSlimeProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.DropeoSlimeProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/DropeMagmaProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.DropeMagmaProcedure
net/mcreator/permadeathv/procedures/SlimesProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.permadeathv.procedures.SlimesProcedure
